apps/website/src/pages/docs/core/integrations/clerk.mdx, before:

---
title: Clerk
package: '@saas-ui/clerk'
description: Integrating Clerk authentication with Saas UI.
---

<ComponentLinks
  github={{
    package: 'saas-ui-clerk',
  }}
  npm={{ package: '@saas-ui/clerk' }}
/>

This integration allows you to connect the Clerk API with the Saas UI auth screens and provider.

Supported authentication strategies are:

- Magic link
- Password
- Social login (Oauth)

<Info>
  If you are using Clerk with Next.js, it's recommended to use their [Next.js
  integration](https://clerk.dev/docs/nextjs/overview). It comes with extra
  features like SSR and middlware support.
</Info>

## Installation

```bash
yarn add @clerk/clerk-react @saas-ui/clerk
```

## Import

```js
import { ClerkAuthProvider } from '@saas-ui/clerk'
```

## Usage

### Setup AuthProvider

Add `ClerkAuthProvider` to the root of your app and configure the auth service.

<Info>
  ClerkAuthProvider will add `ClerkProvider` for you, so you can use all
  build-in Clerk hooks and components in your app.
</Info>

```tsx
import { AuthProvider } from '@saas-ui/react'
import { ClerkAuthProvider } from '@saas-ui/clerk'

// You can find the publishable key in the Clerk dashboard.

// Authentication with frontendApi is considered legacy.
const frontendApi = 'clerk.x.x.lcl.dev'

function App({ children }) {
  return (
    <ClerkAuthProvider
      frontendApi={frontendApi}
      publishableKey={process.env.CLERK_PUBLISABLE_KEY}
    >
      {({ authService }) => (
        <SaasProvider>
          <AuthProvider {...authService}>{children}</AuthProvider>
        </SaasProvider>
      )}
    </ClerkAuthProvider>
  )
}
```

That's it! Check the [Auth documentation](/docs/components/authentication/auth) to see how to add authentication screens to your app.

## Props

### ClerkAuthProvider Props

<PropsTable of="ClerkAuthProvider" />

Commit message:

chore: add clerk auth example (#146)
* chore: add clerk example

* fix: transpile packages

* fix: fixed incorrect required prop type

* chore(release): commandbar 0.4.1

* fix: fixed issue where unsupported dom props were passed to calendar cells

* chore(release): date picker 0.12.12

* fix: update clerk oauth provider types

* chore: update docs

apps/website/src/pages/docs/core/integrations/clerk.mdx, after:

---
title: Clerk
package: '@saas-ui/clerk'
description: Integrating Clerk authentication with Saas UI.
---

<ComponentLinks
  github={{
    package: 'saas-ui-clerk',
  }}
  npm={{ package: '@saas-ui/clerk' }}
/>

This integration allows you to connect the Clerk API with the Saas UI auth screens and provider.

Supported authentication strategies are:

- Magic link
- Password
- Social login (Oauth)

<Info>
  If you are using Clerk with Next.js, it's recommended to use their [Next.js
  integration](https://clerk.dev/docs/nextjs/overview). It comes with extra
  features like SSR and middlware support.
</Info>

## Example

A full working example can be found in the [examples](https://github.com/saas-js/saas-ui/tree/main/examples/clerk-auth) folder of the Saas UI repository.

## Installation

```bash
yarn add @clerk/clerk-react @saas-ui/clerk
```

## Import

```js
import { ClerkAuthProvider } from '@saas-ui/clerk'
```

## Usage

### Setup AuthProvider

Add `ClerkAuthProvider` to the root of your app and configure the auth service.

<Info>
  ClerkAuthProvider will add `ClerkProvider` for you, so you can use all
  build-in Clerk hooks and components in your app.
</Info>

```tsx
import { AuthProvider } from '@saas-ui/react'
import { ClerkAuthProvider } from '@saas-ui/clerk'

// You can find the publishable key in the Clerk dashboard.

// Authentication with frontendApi is considered legacy.
const frontendApi = 'clerk.x.x.lcl.dev'

function App({ children }) {
  return (
    <ClerkAuthProvider
      frontendApi={frontendApi}
      publishableKey={process.env.CLERK_PUBLISABLE_KEY}
    >
      {({ authService }) => (
        <SaasProvider>
          <AuthProvider {...authService}>{children}</AuthProvider>
        </SaasProvider>
      )}
    </ClerkAuthProvider>
  )
}
```

That's it! Check the [Auth documentation](/docs/components/authentication/auth) to see how to add authentication screens to your app.

## Props

### ClerkAuthProvider Props

<PropsTable of="ClerkAuthProvider" />
