apps/website/src/pages/docs/hooks/use-local-storage.mdx, before:

---
title: useLocalStorage
package: '@saas-ui/hooks'
description: 'React hook to manage localStorage'
---

`useLocalStorage` is a custom hook used to get and set values in localStorage.
The value is stored as JSON.

## Import

```js
import { useLocalStorage } from '@saas-ui/react'
```

## Parameters

| Name         | Type                                             | Description                     |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------- |
| key          | string                                           | The local storage key.          |
| defaultValue | Object, string, number, boolean, null, undefined | The default value for this key. |

## Usage

The `useLocalStorage` hook returns a tuple with the value and a setValue function,
similar to `useState`

```jsx live=false
const [value, setValue] = useLocalStorage(key, defaultValue)
```

### Example usage

```jsx
function Example() {
  const [value, setValue] = useLocalStorage('app.example', { count: 0 })

  return (
    <>
      <Button onClick={() => setValue({ count: value.count + 1 })}>
        Count: {value.count}
      </Button>
    </>
  )
}
```

Commit message:

feat: useLocalStorage now always returns the defaultValue and is updated across tabs

apps/website/src/pages/docs/hooks/use-local-storage.mdx, after:

---
title: useLocalStorage
package: '@saas-ui/hooks'
description: 'React hook to manage localStorage'
---

`useLocalStorage` is a custom hook used to get and set values in localStorage.
The value is stored as JSON. The state will be updated across browser tabs, thanks to Window: [storage event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/storage_event).

## Import

```js
import { useLocalStorage } from '@saas-ui/react'
```

## Parameters

| Name         | Type                                             | Description                     |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------- |
| key          | string                                           | The local storage key.          |
| defaultValue | Object, string, number, boolean, null, undefined | The default value for this key. |
| options      | serializer and deserializer                      | Use a custom serializer         |

## Usage

The `useLocalStorage` hook returns a tuple with the value and a setValue function,
similar to `useState`

```jsx live=false
const [value, setValue] = useLocalStorage(key, defaultValue)
```

### Example usage

```jsx
function Example() {
  const [value, setValue] = useLocalStorage('app.example', { count: 0 })

  return (
    <>
      <Button onClick={() => setValue({ count: value.count + 1 })}>
        Count: {value.count}
      </Button>
    </>
  )
}
```
