apps/website/src/pages/docs/pro/authentication/clerk.mdx, before:

---
title: Clerk Authentication
description: How to configure the Clerk authentication service.
---

Clerk is a service that provides beautiful and secure user authentication.
This guide will show you how to configure Clerk in your app and connect them to the Saas UI authentication components.

## Install

1. Install the Clerk React client and the Saas UI Clerk integration in the @app/features package.

```bash
cd packages/app-features && yarn add @clerk/clerk-react @saas-ui/clerk
```

`clerk-react` is a dependency of `@saas-ui/clerk` and is required to be installed in the same package.
To use Clerks Next.js feature like middleware support, you need to install `@clerk-ui/nextjs` as well.

```bash
yarn add @clerk/nextjs
```

## Configure

2. Copy `apps/web/.env.example` to `apps/web/.env` and add your Clerk publisable key which you can find in the Clerk dashboard.

```bash
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=""
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_SIGN_IN_URL=/login
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_SIGN_UP_URL=/signup
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_AFTER_SIGN_IN_URL=/app
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_AFTER_SIGN_UP_URL=/app
```

3. Edit `packages/app-features/core/providers/auth.tsx` and add the Clerk provider.

```ts
import { AuthProvider as BaseAuthProvider } from '@saas-ui/auth'
import { ClerkAuthProvider } from '@saas-ui/clerk'

export const AuthProvider = (props: { children: React.ReactNode }) => {
  return (
    <ClerkAuthProvider
      publishableKey={process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY}
    >
      {({ authService }) => (
        <BaseAuthProvider {...authService}>{props.children}</BaseAuthProvider>
      )}
    </ClerkAuthProvider>
  )
}
```

Your app is now configured to use Clerk for authentication.

Open `http://localhost:3000/app` to try it out.

## Next up

- [Clerk Next.js documentation](https://clerk.com/docs/nextjs/get-started-with-nextjs)

Commit message:

chore: add troubleshooting instructions for clerk

apps/website/src/pages/docs/pro/authentication/clerk.mdx, after:

---
title: Clerk Authentication
description: How to configure the Clerk authentication service.
---

Clerk is a service that provides beautiful and secure user authentication.
This guide will show you how to configure Clerk in your app and connect them to the Saas UI authentication components.

## Install

1. Install the Clerk React client and the Saas UI Clerk integration in the @app/features package.

```bash
cd packages/app-features && yarn add @clerk/clerk-react @saas-ui/clerk
```

`clerk-react` is a dependency of `@saas-ui/clerk` and is required to be installed in the same package.
To use Clerks Next.js feature like middleware support, you need to install `@clerk-ui/nextjs` as well.

```bash
yarn add @clerk/nextjs
```

## Configure

2. Copy `apps/web/.env.example` to `apps/web/.env` and add your Clerk publisable key which you can find in the Clerk dashboard.

```bash
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=""
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_SIGN_IN_URL=/login
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_SIGN_UP_URL=/signup
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_AFTER_SIGN_IN_URL=/app
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_AFTER_SIGN_UP_URL=/app
```

3. Edit `packages/app-features/core/providers/auth.tsx` and add the Clerk provider.

```ts
import { AuthProvider as BaseAuthProvider } from '@saas-ui/auth'
import { ClerkAuthProvider } from '@saas-ui/clerk'

export const AuthProvider = (props: { children: React.ReactNode }) => {
  return (
    <ClerkAuthProvider
      publishableKey={process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY}
    >
      {({ authService }) => (
        <BaseAuthProvider {...authService}>{props.children}</BaseAuthProvider>
      )}
    </ClerkAuthProvider>
  )
}
```

Your app is now configured to use Clerk for authentication.

Open `http://localhost:3000/app` to try it out.

## Troubleshooting

If you get the following error in Next.js you can add the following to `nextjs.config.mjs`.
This will resolve any ESM / CommonJS issues which can accur with `@clerk/clerk-react` > 4.18

```
SyntaxError: Named export 'AuthenticateWithRedirectCallback' not found. The requested module '@clerk/clerk-react' is a CommonJS module, which may not support all module.exports as named exports.
```

```ts
transpilePackages: [
  '@clerk/clerk-react',
  '@saas-ui/clerk',
],
```

## Next up

- [Clerk Next.js documentation](https://clerk.com/docs/nextjs/get-started-with-nextjs)
